Darren, hi.
Hope, where are you right now?
I'm at home. Why?
I just saw Hank.
I still get nothing but
contempt from him.
Don't let him rile you up.
He's just a senile old man.
We need to start everyone
working around the clock.
Get the assembly
line up and running.
And I'm tripling security.
Full sensors at all entrances
and exterior air vents
fitted with steel micro-mesh.
Great. Good idea.
Thank you, Hope.
I'm so lucky to have you on my team.
He's tripling security.
He's lost his mind, and he's onto you.
But he is not onto you.
He's adding full body
scanners to all entrances
and closing exterior vents.
How are we gonna
get Scott inside?
The water main.
You can't add security
to a water main.
The pressure is too strong,
but if we can decrease it,
that's how I get in.
Somebody would have to
reach the building's control center
to change the water pressure.
Hank and I will be beside Cross.
How are we supposed to do that?
So we expand our team.
What do we need?
A fake security
guard on the inside
to de-pressurize
the water system,
somebody else to hack
in to the power supply
and kill the laser grid,
and a getaway guy.
No, no. No, no, no.
Not those three wombats. No way.
Thank you for the coffee, ma'am.
It's not too often that you rob a
place and then get welcomed back.
Because we just robbed you.
You know that he was arrested for
stealing a smoothie machine, right?
Two smoothie machines.
Are you sure they
can handle this?
Oh, we can handle it.
We're professionals.
You'll forgive us if we're
not instilled with confidence.
Well, hey, everybody just kick
back and relax a little bit, man.
We know our business.
We broke into this
spooky-ass house, didn't we?
I let you.
Well, one could say
that I let you let me.
Look, it's okay.
They can handle this.
Yeah, we can handle it.
- You got their credentials?
- He's in the system.
I'm in the system?
You're in the system.
The system?
Yeah, we're doomed.
All right.
There's something
you guys need to see.
When you get to this corner,
there's gonna be three
offices on your left side.
Damn!
Whoa! That's so cool, bro!
Now, look, this is
gonna get weird, all right?
It's pretty freaky,
but it's safe.
There's no reason to be scared.
Oh, no, no.
Daddy don't get scared.
Really? Yeah.
Good.
This is the work of gypsies.
That's witchcraft.
Wow, that's amazing.
That's like some
David Copperfield shit.
That's some kind of wizardry.
This is sorcery!
How'd you do that, bro?
Don't freak out.
Look at your shoulder.
Ahhh!
Get off! Get off!
Wait, I thought Daddy
didn't get scared!
I gave them each half a Xanax
and Hank explained the
science of the suit to them.
They fell right asleep.
Hey, look, I wanna
thank you for...
No, please don't.
We're all doing this for reasons
much bigger than any one of us.
I'm just glad that
you might have
a slight chance of
maybe pulling this off.
Hey, thank you, you
know, for that pep talk.
You know, the honest truth is, I
actually went from despising you
to almost liking you.
You really should write poetry.
Get some sleep, Scott.
You betray me?
Steal my money?
Stop it! Leave him alone!
When I picked you up as a kid,
these boys wanted to eat you.
They ain't never
tasted Terran before.
I saved your life!
Oh, will you shut up about that?
God!
Twenty years, you been
throwing that in my face,
like it's some great
thing, not eating me.
Normal people don't even
think about eating someone else!
Much less that person
having to be grateful for it!
You abducted me, man.
You stole me from my
home and from my family.
You don't give a
damn about your Terra!
You're scared
because you're soft in here.
Here, right here!
Yondu!
Listen to me.
Ronan has something
called an Infinity Stone.
I know what he's got, girl.
Then you know
we must get it back!
He's gonna use it
to wipe out Xandar.
We have to warn them.
Billions of people will perish.
Is that what she's been
filling your head with, boy?
Sentiment?
Eating away your
brain like maggots!
That's it.
No!
Sorry, boy.
But a captain's gotta teach his men
what happens to those what cross him.
Captain's gotta teach stuff!
If you kill me now,
you are saying goodbye to the
biggest score you have ever seen.
The Stone?
I hope you got
something better than that.
Because ain't nobody
stealing from Ronan.
We got a ringer.
Is that right?
She knows everything
there is to know about Ronan.
His ships,
his army.
He's vulnerable.
Hey, what do you
say, Yondu, huh?
Me and you, taking down a mark
side-by-side, like the old days.
Let him go!
You always did
have a scrote, boy!
That's why I kept
you on as a young'un.
Captain, the shot
was non-damaging.
Attention, idiots.
The lunatic on top of this craft
is holding a Hadron Enforcer.
It's a weapon of my own design.
What the hell?
If you don't hand over
our companions now,
he's gonna tear
your ship a new one.
A very big new one!
- I ain't buyin' it.
- I'm giving you to the count of five.
- 5, 4, 3...
- No! Wait, hold on!
Rocket, it's me, for God sakes!
We figured it out! We're fine!
Oh, hey, Quill. What's going on?
You call that "figured it out"?
We're gonna rob the guys
who just beat us senseless.
Oh, you want to
talk about senseless?
How about trying to
save us by blowing us up?
We were only gonna blow you
up if they didn't turn you over!
And how on earth were
they gonna turn us over
when you only gave
them a count of five?
We didn't have time
to work out the minutiae
of the plan.
This is what we get
for acting altruistically.
- I am Groot.
- They are ungrateful.
What's important now
is we get the Ravagers' army
to help us save Xandar.
So we can give
the Stone to Yondu
who's just gonna sell to
somebody even worse?
We'll figure that
part out later.
We have to stop Ronan.
How?
I have a plan.
You've got a plan?
Yes.
First of all, you're
copying me from
- when I said I had a plan.
- No, I'm not.
People say that all the time.
It's not that unique of a thing to say.
Secondly, I don't even
believe you have a plan.
I have part of a plan!
What percentage of
a plan do you have?
You don't get to ask questions
after the nonsense
you pulled on Knowhere.
I just saved Quill.
We've already established
that you destroying the ship
that I'm on is not saving me.
- When did we establish it?
- Like three seconds ago!
I wasn't listening.
I was thinking of something else.
She's right.
You don't get an opinion.
What percentage?
I don't know. Twelve percent.
Twelve percent?
That's a fake laugh.
- It's real!
- Totally fake.
That is the most real, authentic,
hysterical laugh of my entire life
because that is not a plan.
It's barely a concept.
You're taking their side?
I am Groot.
So what, it's better than 11%?
What the hell does that
have to do with anything?
Thank you, Groot. Thank you.
See?
Groot's the only one of you who has a clue.
Guys.
Come on.
Yondu is gonna be
here in two seconds.
He expects to hear
this big plan of ours.
I need your help.
I look around at us.
You know what I see?
Losers.
I mean, like,
folks who have lost stuff.
And we have.
Man, we have. All of us.
Our homes,
our families,
normal lives.
And, usually, life takes more
than it gives. But not today.
Today, it's given us something.
It has given us a chance.
To do what?
To give a shit.
For once.
Not run away.
I, for one, am not gonna
stand by and watch
as Ronan wipes out
billions of innocent lives.
But, Quill, stopping Ronan,
it's impossible.
You're asking us to die.
Yeah, I guess I am.
Quill.
I have lived most my life
surrounded by my enemies.
I will be grateful to
die among my friends.
You are an honorable man, Quill.
I will fight beside you.
And in the end,
I will see my wife
and daughter again.
I am Groot.
Oh, what the hell.
I don't got that long a lifespan, anyway.
Now I'm standing. Y'all happy?
We're all standing up now.
Bunch of jackasses,
standing in a circle.
All right, just so we're clear,
everyone here
knows their role, right?
- Dave?
- Wheels on the ground.
- Kurt?
- Eyes in the sky.
- Luis?
- Oh, man, you know it.
You know what?
I get to wear a uniform.
- That's what's up.
- Luis.
I'm sorry. I'm good.
I'm good. I'm just excited.
Plus, your
girlfriend's really hot.
So, you know, that
makes me nervous, too.
And you are very
beautiful, ma'am.
- Oh, my Lord.
- She's not my...
You know what? I was thinking of
a tactic, like when
I go undercover.
Like a whistling. You know what I'm saying?
To like, blend in.
No. Don't whistle. No whistling.
It's not The Andy Griffith Show.
No whistling.
All clear in Sector One.
Step out.
All clear.
We're set.
Wish me luck.
Utilities online.
Hey! What are you doing?
Uh... Boss-man said to secure
the area, so I'm securing it.
I'm the boss.
- Oh.
- Utilities 1.3...
Water level is dropping!
Coming up on extraction pipe.
All right, I see it.
All right, come on,
I gotta get up there.
That's it. That's it, guys! Yes!
Yes! You got it!
You got it! Come on!
All right, let's fly, Ant-thony.
The Ant-Man is in the building.
Pym's pulling up. Right on time.
Got a Crown Vic
right outside there.
This is problem?
Considering the Crown Vic's
the most commonly used car
for undercover cops, man,
yes, this is problem.
That's Pym.
Oh, no.
I'm deploying the bullet ants.
Papanera Claire
de Merna Merna...
I don't remember what it's
called, but I feel bad for this guy.
What's up, man? Hey.
Ow! Ow!
See?
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I call an
unfortunate casualty
in a very serious operation.
Signal decoy in place.
Mean, pretty lady
did good, Scott.
Looks like Pym's
getting arrested.
Scott, we have problem.
Problem? What's the problem?
Dave!
Dave, that's not part of plan!
Listen to me.
If I don't get into this
building, people will die.
That's awfully dramatic.
Are you kidding me?
Problem solved.
Well...
How do I look?
There he is.
Just in time. Come on.
12-point verification.
Little over-the-top,
don't you think, Darren?
Confirming authorization level.
Well, you can never be too safe.
Access granted.
Gotta hand it to you, Darren.
You really did it.
And you only know
the half of it, Hank.
Arriving in second position.
All right, top speed, Ant-thony.
Let's go!
Proceeding to command position.
I'll be right back, Ant-thony.
All right, guys.
I'm in position.
I'm gonna signal the ants.
No, no, no, no, no!
Did you see that?
Assume formation.
All right, you
cute little crazies,
let's fry these servers!
Let's go get 'em, buddy!
Servers are fried.
Data backup completely erased.
Heading to the particle chamber.
Hello, Dr. Cross.
My associates have
agreed to your terms.
Wonderful.
Mr. Carson introduced me
to these fine gentlemen here.
They're representatives
of Hydra.
They're not what they were.
They're doing some
interesting work.
And I'm enjoying myself.
You tried to hide your
technology from me.
And now it's gonna
blow up in your face.
Wow.
Wow! I mean, I saw that
punch coming a mile away,
but I just figured it'd
be all pathetic and weak.
Well, you figured wrong.
I know this van.
Anybody home?
All right, guys. I'm here.
I'm setting the charges.
Great job, guys.
I'll take it from here.
Good boy, Ant-thony.
Final position.
Guys, how we looking
on that laser grid?
- Almost.
- No, you're not.
I'm getting close!
No, you're not.
San Francisco P.D.!
Out of the van!
I know you're in there!
Make it go faster.
Dude, seriously.
Ready to jump.
Do you read, Kurt?
So close.
Okay, hold up!
Wait a minute! Freeze!
There was a black guy
that looked exactly like me
who attacked us and put us in
the back of this disgusting van.
- Get out of the van!
- Okay, I'm coming.
Take it easy!
No, I will not move! Go now!
Wait!
What? What do you mean, "Wait"?
Phew!
What? What?
Hey, little guy.
I always suspected you had a
suit stored away somewhere.
Which begs the question,
who is the new Ant-Man?
Who is the man that
my beloved mentor
trusted even more than me?
Scott Lang.
A martyr
who took on the system
and paid the price,
losing his family and his
only daughter in the process.
Exactly your kind of guy, Hank!
He escapes his jail cell without
leaving any clue as to how.
And then he
disappears magically,
despite having no
money to his name.
And now he brings
me the Ant-Man suit.
The only thing that
can rival my creation.
Darren, don't do this.
If you sell to these men,
it's gonna be chaos.
I already have.
And for twice the price,
thanks to you.
It's not easy to successfully
infiltrate an Avengers facility.
Thankfully, word travels fast.
I'll sell them the Yellowjacket,
but I'm keeping the
particle to myself.
They don't run on diesel.
If you want the fuel,
you'll have to come to me.
What do you call the only man
who can arm the most
powerful weapon in the world?
The most powerful
man in the world.
You proud of me yet?
You can stop this, Darren.
It's not too late.
It's been too late
for a long time now.
Darren!
What are you doing?
He wasn't any more capable of
caring for you than he was for me.
This is not who you are.
It's the particles altering
your brain chemistry.
Wait! Wait, wait, wait, wait.
You're right.
I have to be the one to do it.
Here we go.
Drop your gun.
You know, I came to the
house the other night to kill him,
but you were there.
You're sick and I can help you.
Just put the gun down.
I wasn't ready to kill you then,
but I think I am now!
Drop your gun now!
You picked the wrong side, Hope.
Dad!
Hank, no.
No, Hank.
Hank?
Listen, you're gonna be okay.
- All right?
- You're gonna be just fine.
Take the suit off, or I'll blow
your brains out and peel it off.
We got a 10-33 at Pym Tech.
Request immediate backup!
Go, go, go!
Get me to the roof.
And radio ahead.
I want to make sure the
helicopter is ready to take off.
You two,
kill anything that
comes out of that vault!
Dad, can you move?
We need to get him out of here.
Go get that suit.
Hey, Scotty.
Hey, did I save your life?
Scotty?
Thank you, Luis.
Are we the good guys? Yeah.
We're the good guys, right?
Yeah, we're the good guys.
Feels kinda weird, you know.
Yeah, but we're not done yet.
Get out of here
before this place blows!
Damn it! That guy.
Hey! We're getting out of here!
The charges are set.
We've gotta find a way out of here.
And fast.
Don't worry.
I'm not gonna die.
And neither are you.
It's not a keychain.
It's total chaos in here!
Multiple shots fired!
And there's a tank.
A little help!
I got it.
We need a doctor!
We've got him.
Thank you.
Let's go!
Ant-thony!
Go!
You're gonna regret that.
Wait a minute!
Get out of that van!
What? Get out of that van!
It's too loud, there's a tank.
I can't hear you!
Hey! Hey!
Are you crazy? Put the gun down!
The windows!
Did you think you could
stop the future with a heist?
It was never just a heist!
Put the gun down!
Okay, I got him, I got him.
There he is! Go, go, go!
We gotta set her down somewhere.
I'm gonna disintegrate you!
Playing Disintegration
by the Cure.
Call 911!
It's okay.
Freeze! Put your hands up!
Get them up!
Scott?
Paxton, you have
to listen to me!
Paxton, turn around!
Take me back!
I am taking you back. To prison.
There's something in that
backyard that needs to be destroyed.
In the bug zapper. There...
You need to desist right now!
Your delusions are out of hand.
All units, we have a 2-36
in progress at
840 Winter Street.
Cassie! That's my house.
Don't be scared.
Paxton, let me help!
Don't move.
Let me help!
Maggie! What's going on?
He's got Cassie!
Who's got Cassie, honey?
That thing.
Thing? I don't know!
I don't know!
Are you a monster?
Do I look like a monster?
I want my daddy!
I want your daddy, too.
There you are.
Daddy, is that you?
Hi, peanut.
Why don't you pick on
someone your own size?
Now, where did
you go, little guy?
There you are.
Not just me!
Damn it!
Go! Go!
Scotty needs us, you
know what I'm saying?
Ain't nothing gonna stop us.
Back it up.
Back it up, slow.
Yeah.
Back it up. Yeah.
Back it up. Okay.
- We just back it up, okay?
- That's it.
Back it up. That's right.
Backin' up?
Yep, just backin' up.
No, no. Just back it up.
You insult me, Scott.
Your very existence
is insulting to me.
You know, it'd be much easier
to hit you if you were bigger.
Yeah, I agree.
Cassie!
I'm gonna show you just
how insignificant you are.
Cassie! I'm coming!
That's a messed-up looking dog.
I'm gonna destroy
everything you love.
Freeze! S.F.P.D.
I can't break through.
It's titanium, you idiot!
Get her out of here. Come on.
Sorry, sweetheart.
You have to help Daddy
pay for his mistakes.
You stay behind me, okay? Okay.
Stay behind me.
I'm gonna have to shrink between
the molecules to get in there.
Get away from us!
Daddy, help!
I love you, Cassie.
Daddy, where are you?
You could go subatomic.
Oh, no.
You would enter a reality
where all concepts
of time and space...
All concepts of time and
space become irrelevant.
...all concepts of time and
Come back, Daddy!
...as you shrink
for all eternity.
Everything that you know
and love,
gone forever.
Daddy, where are you?
Where are you?
Daddy! Cassie.
Come back, Daddy!
Do not screw with the regulator!
Daddy!
I love you so much.
I love you, too.
So much.
You know, there's
a big hole in the roof.
Sorry.
Is she all right?
Yeah, she's fine.
Mommy!
She's fine, she's fine.
Scott, please.
You don't remember anything?
Hank. I don't.
There must be something else.
Well, I suppose the human mind
just can't comprehend
the experience,
but you made it.
You went in,
and you got out.
It's amazing.
Scott,
I'll walk you out.
Get some rest.
Is it possible?
When did this happen?
Nothing's happening.
Whoa. Hold on.
Something's kind of happening.
Well, if that's the case,
shoot me again.
Yeah.
I don't know what you were doing,
grabbing and
kissing me like that.
I'm a little surprised myself.
I have to get somewhere.
I'll see you later, Hank.
Really, Hope.
Scott. Yeah?
You're full of shit. Oh, yeah.
Scott, I met with
my captain today.
He wanted a report on the
night that you got out of jail.
Something happened
with the cameras.
Some circuits got fried.
But I told him that you
were processed correctly.
Really?
Well, yeah.
Can't be sending Cassie's dad
back to jail on a technical glitch, right?
Thank you, Paxton.
I'm blown away.
Thank you for everything
you do for Cassie.
Well, that's my pleasure.
But, no.
This one, I did for you.
This is awkward. Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, what do we even
talk about after all of that?
Oh, I know. What?
I did my first cartwheel today.
What?
Yeah.
She has been practicing all week.
But today was the magic day.
I recorded it on my phone. Here.
- No, that can't be Cassie.
- That's not you.
- Yeah, it is.
This is a professional gymnast.
There is no way that's you.
Yeah, that's her.
Good boy.
Sweetie, that's pretty
amazing, peanut.
Sorry.
It's work.
Yeah.
All right.
Here's the deal.
Just give me the facts.
Just the facts. Only the facts.
Breathe. Focus. Keep it simple.
No, no, no.
No doubt, no doubt. Okay.
So, I'm at this art museum
with my cousin Ignacio, right?
And there was this, like,
abstract expressionism exhibit.
But you know me, I'm more like
a Neo-Cubist kind of guy, right?
But there was this one Rothko
that was sublime, bro! Oh, my God!
Luis.
Okay, sorry. Sorry.
You know, I just
get excited and stuff.
But anyway, Ignacio tells me,
"Yo, I met this
crazy-fine writer chick
"at the Spot last night.
Like fine-fine.
"Like crazy-stupid fine." And he
"goes up to the
bartender and goes,
"Look at the girl I'm with.
You know what I'm sayin'?
"She's crazy-stupid
fine, right?"
The bartender's all like,
"Yeah, crazy-stupid fine."
So this writer
chick tells Ignacio,
"Yo, I'm like a boss in the
world of guerrilla journalism,
"and I got mad connects with
the peeps behind the curtains,
"you know what I'm saying?"
Ignacio's like, "For real?"
And she's like,
"Yeah, you know what,
I can't tell you
who my contact is,
"because he works
with the Avengers."
Oh, no.
Yeah, and this dude
sounds like a badass, man.
Like, he comes
up to her and says,
"Yo, I'm looking for this
dude who's new on the scene,
"who's flashing his fresh tack,
"who's got, like, bomb moves, right?
Who you got?"
And she's like, "Well,
we got everything
nowadays.
We got a guy who jumps.
"We got a guy who swings, we
got a guy who crawls up the walls.
"You gotta be more specific."
And he's like, "I'm looking
for a guy that shrinks."
And I'm, like, "Damn!"
I got all nervous
'cause I'd keep mad
secrets for you, bro.
So I asked Ignacio,
"Did the badass tell the
stupid-fine writer chick
"to tell you to tell me,
because I'm tight with Ant-Man,
"that he's looking for him?"
And? What'd he say?
He said, "Yes."
I don't suppose you have
any idea where they are?
We will.
GSG 9's got the borders covered.
Recon's flying 24/7.
They'll get a hit.
We'll handle it.
You don't get it, Stark.
It's not yours to handle.
It's clear you
can't be objective.
I'm putting Special Ops on this.
What happens when
the shooting starts?
What, do you kill Steve Rogers?
If we're provoked.
Barnes would've been eliminated
in Romania if it
wasn't for Rogers.
There are dead people
who would be alive now.
Feel free to check my math.
All due respect, you're
not gonna solve this
with boys and bullets, Ross.
You gotta let us bring them in.
How would that end any
differently than last time?
Because this time,
I won't be wearing
loafers and a silk shirt.
72 hours, guaranteed.
36 hours.
Barnes.
Rogers.
Wilson.
Thank you, sir.
My left arm is numb.
Is that normal?
You all right?
Always.
36 hours. Jeez.
We're seriously understaffed.
Oh, yeah.
It'd be great if we had a Hulk
right about now. Any shot?
You really think
he'd be on our side?
No.
I have an idea.
Me, too. Where's yours?
Downstairs.
Where's yours?
Hey, May.
Mmm. Hey.
How was school today?
It was okay.
This crazy car parked outside.
Oh, Mr. Parker. Um...
What are you doing...
Hey! Uh, I'm Peter.
Tony.
What are you doing here?
It's about time we met.
You've been getting
my emails, right?
Yeah. Yeah. Right?
Regarding the...
You didn't even tell
me about the grant.
About the grant.
The September Foundation.
Right. Yeah.
Remember when you applied?
Yeah.
I approved, so now
we're in business.
But you didn't tell me anything.
What's up with that?
You keeping secrets from me now?
I just know how much
you love surprises
so I thought I
would let you know...
Anyway, what did I apply for?
That's what I'm
here to hash out.
Okay. Hash it out, okay.
It's so hard for me to believe
that she's someone's aunt.
Yeah, well, we come in all
shapes and sizes, you know?
This walnut date
loaf is exceptional.
Let me just stop you there.
Yeah.
Is this grant got money
involved or whatever? No?
Yeah, it's pretty well funded.
Yeah? Wow.
Look who you're talking to.
Can I have five
minutes with him?
Sure.
As walnut date loaves
go, that wasn't bad.
Whoa, what have we here?
Retro tech, huh?
Thrift store? Salvation Army?
Uh, the garbage, actually.
You're a dumpster diver?
Yeah, I was...
Anyway, look, um,
I definitely did not
apply for your grant...
Ah-ah! Me first. Okay.
Quick question of
the rhetorical variety.
That's you, right?
Um, no.
What do you mean? Yeah.
Look at you go.
Wow! Nice catch.
3,000 pounds, 40 miles an hour.
That's not easy.
You got mad skills.
That's all on
YouTube, though, right?
That's where you found that?
Because you
know that's all fake.
It's all done on the computer.
Mmm-hmm.
It's like that video.
What is it?
Yeah.
Oh, you mean like those UFOs over Phoenix?
Exactly.
Oh, what have we here?
Uh...
You're the Spider-ling.
Crime-fighting spider.
You're Spider-Boy?
Spider-Man.
Not in that onesie, you're not.
It's not a onesie.
I don't believe this.
I was actually having
a really good day
today, Mr. Stark.
Didn't miss my train,
this perfectly good
DVD player was
just sitting there...
and Algebra test, nailed it.
Who else knows? Anybody?
Nobody.
Not even your
unusually attractive aunt?
No. No.
No!
If she knew, she would freak out.
And when she
freaks out, I freak out.
You know what I think is really cool?
This webbing.
That tensile strength
is off the charts.
Who manufactured that?
I did.
Climbing walls,
how you doing that?
Adhesive gloves?
It's a long story. I was...
Lordy!
Can you even see in these?
Yes, I can.
I'm blind!
I can see in those.
Okay?
It's just that when whatever
happened, happened...
it's like my senses
have been dialed to 11.
There's way too much input,
so they just kinda
help me focus.
You're in dire
need of an upgrade.
Systemic, top to bottom,
hundred-point restoration.
That's why I'm here.
Why you doing this?
I gotta know, what's your MO?
What gets you outta that
twin bed in the morning?
Because...
Because I've been
me my whole life,
and I've had these
powers for six months.
Mmm-hmm.
I read books, I build computers.
Yeah, I would
love to play football,
but I couldn't then,
so I shouldn't now.
Sure, because you're different.
Exactly.
But I can't tell anybody that, so I'm not.
When you can do the things
that I can, but you don't...
and then the bad
things happen...
they happen because of you.
So you wanna look
out for the little guy,
you wanna do your part?
Make the world a better
place, all that, right?
Yeah, just looking
out for the little guy.
That's what it is.
I'm gonna sit here,
so you move the leg.
You got a passport?
No, I don't even
have a driver's license.
You ever been to Germany? No.
Oh, you'll love it.
I can't go to Germany. Why?
I got homework.
I'm gonna pretend
you didn't say that.
No, I'm being serious.
I can't just drop out of school.
Might be a little dangerous.
Better tell Aunt Hottie I'm
taking you on a field trip.
Don't tell Aunt May.
All right, Spider-Man.
Get me out of this.
Sorry. I'll get the...
There's something
I want to show you.
I realized you
can't destroy power.
All you can do is make sure
that it's in the right hands.
This is an advanced prototype
that your mother and
I worked on together.
She never got to use it.
But now I realize that we were...
We were working on it for you.
Maybe it's time we finished it.
It's about damn time.